amazon.it		kindle_ebook	Affari e Finanza	Imprenditoria	Startup	Raccolta fondi					
amazon.it		print_kdp_paperback	Affari e Finanza	Imprenditoria	Startup	Raccolta fondi					
amazon.it		kindle_ebook	Bambini e Ragazzi	Libri per bambini	Libri illustrati	Animali					
amazon.it		print_kdp_paperback	Bambini e Ragazzi	Libri per bambini	Libri illustrati	Animali					
amazon.co.uk		print_kdp_paperback	Business & Finance	Entrepreneurship	Startups	Fundraising					
amazon.co.uk		kindle_ebook	Business & Finance	Entrepreneurship	Startups	Fundraising					
amazon.de		kindle_ebook	Bücher & Literatur	Fantasy	High Fantasy	Episch	Mittelalterlich				
amazon.de		print_kdp_paperback	Bücher & Literatur	Fantasy	High Fantasy	Episch	Mittelalterlich				
amazon.co.uk		print_kdp_paperback	Children & Teens	Children's Books	Picture Books	Animals					
amazon.co.uk		kindle_ebook	Children & Teens	Children's Books	Picture Books	Animals					
amazon.es		kindle_ebook	Ciencia, Tecnología y Medicina	Informática	Programación	Python	Ciencia de datos				
amazon.es		print_kdp_paperback	Ciencia, Tecnología y Medicina	Informática	Programación	Python	Ciencia de datos				
amazon.fr		print_kdp_paperback	Enfants & Adolescents	Livres pour enfants	Albums illustrés	Animaux					
amazon.fr		kindle_ebook	Enfants & Adolescents	Livres pour enfants	Albums illustrés	Animaux					
amazon.fr		print_kdp_paperback	Entreprise & Bourse	Entrepreneuriat	Start-up	Levée de fonds					
amazon.fr		kindle_ebook	Entreprise & Bourse	Entrepreneuriat	Start-up	Levée de fonds					
amazon.fr		kindle_ebook	Guide & Conseils	Bien-être	Méditation	Pleine conscience	Yoga	Yoga sur chaise			
amazon.fr		print_kdp_paperback	Guide & Conseils	Bien-être	Méditation	Pleine conscience	Yoga				
amazon.it		kindle_ebook	Guide e Consigli	Benessere	Meditazione	Consapevolezza	Yoga				
amazon.it		print_kdp_paperback	Guide e Consigli	Benessere	Meditazione	Consapevolezza	Yoga				
amazon.co.uk		kindle_ebook	Guides & Advice	Wellness	Meditation	Mindfulness	Yoga				
amazon.co.uk		print_kdp_paperback	Guides & Advice	Wellness	Meditation	Mindfulness	Yoga				
amazon.es		kindle_ebook	Guías y Consejos	Bienestar	Meditación	Atención plena	Yoga				
amazon.es		print_kdp_paperback	Guías y Consejos	Bienestar	Meditación	Atención plena	Yoga				
amazon.es		kindle_ebook	Infantil y Juvenil	Libros infantiles	Libros ilustrados	Animales					
amazon.es		print_kdp_paperback	Infantil y Juvenil	Libros infantiles	Libros ilustrados	Animales					
amazon.de		kindle_ebook	Kinder & Jugendbücher	Kinderbücher	Bilderbücher	Tiere					
amazon.de		print_kdp_paperback	Kinder & Jugendbücher	Kinderbücher	Bilderbücher	Tiere					
amazon.it		print_kdp_paperback	Libri e Letteratura	Fantasy	High Fantasy	Epico	Medievale				
amazon.it		kindle_ebook	Libri e Letteratura	Fantasy	High Fantasy	Epico	Medievale				
amazon.es		print_kdp_paperback	Libros y Literatura	Fantasía	Alta fantasía	Épica	Medieval				
amazon.es		kindle_ebook	Libros y Literatura	Fantasía	Alta fantasía	Épica	Medieval				
amazon.co.uk		print_kdp_paperback	Literature & Fiction	Fantasy	High Fantasy	Epic	Medieval				
amazon.co.uk		kindle_ebook	Literature & Fiction	Fantasy	High Fantasy	Epic	Medieval				
amazon.fr		print_kdp_paperback	Littérature & Fiction	Fantasy	High Fantasy2	Épique	Médiéval				
amazon.fr		kindle_ebook	Littérature & Fiction	Roman	Amour	Épique	Médiéval	Tip	Top	Cool	Moule
amazon.fr		kindle_ebook	Littérature & Fiction	Fantasy	High Fantasy	Épique	Médiéval				
amazon.es		print_kdp_paperback	Negocios y Finanzas	Emprendimiento	Startups	Recaudación de fondos					
amazon.es		kindle_ebook	Negocios y Finanzas	Emprendimiento	Startups	Recaudación de fondos					
amazon.de		kindle_ebook	Ratgeber & Tipps	Wellness	Meditation	Achtsamkeit	Yoga				
amazon.de		print_kdp_paperback	Ratgeber & Tipps	Wellness	Meditation	Achtsamkeit	Yoga				
amazon.co.uk		print_kdp_paperback	Science, Tech & Medical	Computers & Technology	Programming	Python	Data Science				
amazon.co.uk		kindle_ebook	Science, Tech & Medical	Computers & Technology	Programming	Python	Data Science				
amazon.fr		print_kdp_paperback	Sciences, Techniques & Médecine	Informatique	Programmation	Python	Data Science				
amazon.fr		kindle_ebook	Sciences, Techniques & Médecine	Informatique	Programmation	Python	Data Science				
amazon.it		kindle_ebook	Scienza, Tecnologia e Medicina	Informatica	Programmazione	Python	Data Science				
amazon.it		print_kdp_paperback	Scienza, Tecnologia e Medicina	Informatica	Programmazione	Python	Data Science				
amazon.de		print_kdp_paperback	Wirtschaft & Finanzen	Unternehmertum	Startups	Finanzierung					
amazon.de		kindle_ebook	Wirtschaft & Finanzen	Unternehmertum	Startups	Finanzierung					
amazon.de		kindle_ebook	Wissenschaft, Technik & Medizin	Computer & Technologie	Programmierung	Python	Datenwissenschaft				
amazon.de		print_kdp_paperback	Wissenschaft, Technik & Medizin	Computer & Technologie	Programmierung	Python	Datenwissenschaft				